I did not dismantle why obviously I aldo myself as a team and back since everything
it depends on being able to see even though I have all my audience there is not seen behind
camera and I have half a street of people
protecting me
but I can not take the risk now I also appreciate that little brunette
is there
I saw another that appeared
it really was the shakhtar mind but those two points are not going to stay that way
because those faces are identifying
and I support because someone can tell me do not publish the area
but that in fact it was not
a decade ago I do not want to thank you will see face to face the
question is
step by step and you have to bring men 1 they wanted to take me to the country and
is pleased to invite and a hundred
efe let's go even when the cut
Apparently bad quartet is not valid for any part
we are paying just like the shrapnel claimant
and in relation to the call that by right clec corresponds
baccalaureate who carry out for the palace began high-end apparatus
bullet
I have not arrived, nobody is going to stop us
graham dunbar too
Government's backing happened yesterday afternoon as part of the command under
pair to add go to change the police in the modality of kata
publicly
He said that everyone also died on the spot
all patagonia right now
since March 2010 it happens because it is not going to be something hard that can give
good for people because few times
because I have also worried about having passed but stopped now
is totally smoking had no answer as to it were 4 5 with a trunk
hitting a truck and three cars motors the plug of the people the plug that the
police
the study plan the first occasion side
2nd net of yesterday also shone near my house to pass a raid that
they took people
the front of your house be I understand that you should also take letters in the
matter because although this is the biggest criminal you for that
there is the pressure of time that is done
delicately because we are human beings he does not have to take advantage
now it is already waiting
that I gave him money in his mind vanhanen aralar and in the street that the
police are supposed to be taking care of her thank you very much for having
been so alien to us
showing an image that show the most real version
obviously that which is because everything is recorded thanks
now he was missing nothing and that he can be attacked in the center
it may seem